[ Man ]
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy.
[ Jax ]
I found a box of his old shit
in the storage unit.
There’s, like, pictures
and journals.
Things I never knew about him.
[ Gemma ]
I don’t want the ghost
of John Teller poisoning him,
ruining everything we’ve built.
You’ve gotta
nail Jax down.
You have to nail him down
hard, Clay.
- [ Wendy ] Now what?
- [ Jax ]
Abel stays in the toaster.
Ship your ass off to rehab.
Again.
I’m just saying
we should be cool with
whatever this is around her.
Because she’s still
in love with you?
No!
[ Clay ]
I want Ope pullin’ the trigger
on this. No mistakes.
Shit.
Robert Munson,
you’re under arrest
for the murder of Brenan Hefner.
[ Clay ] A.T.F. says
they got an eyewitness.
Only two other guys
were witness to that hit.
[ Clay ]
Where’s Ope?
I checked Opie’s finances.
Somebody paid off
a huge chunk
of his debt.
Federal wire transfer.
I figured
the least I could do...
was pay off some of those
big bills of yours.
You’re setting me up
as the rat.
What is going to happen
when I put you and your family
back in Charming?
I tell the club the truth.
I know how this looks.
She set me up
to look like a rat.
It’s all a lie.
I don’t know who the hell
their witness is,
but it sure as shit ain’t me.
Am I good with you, Clay?
Yeah.
His truck, wired.
Opie has turned on us.
This has got to happen, Clay.
This death never...
lands at our feet.
The Mayans want guns.
They want ’em right away.
You and Tig pick up the money.
Me and Jax drop off the guns.
Está bien. Call him.
Tell him to give ’em the cash.
- Niners!
[ Speaks Spanish ]
- Clay!
[ Clay ]
Laroy definitely
double-crossed us.
If the Niners
are that pissed,
then they bring their rage
to Charming.
I mean,
they saw Opie’s truck
at the money drop.
What? A drive-by?
Gotta be tonight
after the party.
Love you.
Love you back.
[ Clay ]
Make it ghetto.
Make it gangster.
[ Horn Honking ]
Shit.
[ Opie ]
Donna?
[ Crying ]
Oh, baby.
[ Door Opens ]
♪♪ [ Blues On Stereo ]
Hey, Mary.
Where is he?
Outside...
with the kids.
[ Sighs ]
It’s good you’re here,
Mary.
Yeah.
- How are they doin’?
- She’s been crying all morning.
Kenny still doesn’t
get it.
Boys.
Anything you need–
I know.
You want me
to stick around?
No.
I’m okay.
She knew.
She knew I was
gonna bring on
something like this.
- Ope, you didn’t bring this.
- A banger shot my wife.
I had nothing
to do with that?
Can I help?
No.
You were upset
last night.
Was that our mistake?
Oh, Jesus.
[ Sighs ]
And Jax?
He knows what
everybody else knows.
Donna’s death was
Niner retaliation.
Motherless children.
[ Sighs ]
They make people do
drastic things. This is bad.
You think
I don’t know that?
I wanted this?
[ Sobbing ]
You feel all that, baby.
You feel it here.
That’s right.
You walk out that door,
you be the man
they all need you to be.
Oh, Jesus.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Here you go.
What’s this?
Got a call from Lodi.
A black Rover was jacked
from a sports bar last night.
Take Fain,
see if anybody
saw anything.
We both know who
was driving that S.U.V.
We got no positive I.D.
This relationship
you have with Clay–
I don’t like it,
but I get it.
You make
a deal with the devil
to keep the peace.
But look at this.
Look at what
we let happen.
An innocent woman killed.
I didn’t let that happen.
Yeah, you’re right.
It’s on me.
What was I supposed to do?
Roll over and feed SAMCRO
classified information?
I get the
"rock and the hard place"
this all took you to.
Sorry this guilt
comes down on you.
Well, then, help me.
For once.
Please.
Just help me...
serve justice
to these guys.
I should be fishin’ somewhere.
Or readin’ a book
half buzzed on
vodka and lemonade.
And I’m still here
in this suit of mine...
because I’ve got my own
rock and hard place
I’m livin’ between.
I ain’t got much more
of a run in me.
A few years, maybe.
Need something to leave Della
and my half-smart kids.
I’m sorry, son.
Right.
[ Door Opens ]
Hey– Hey.
Without a witness,
you’ll never put
this crime on Clay.
But I doubt Jax
would be party to anything
that would hurt Opie.
Maybe... we let the outlaws
serve up their own justice.
Food for thought.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Abel Crying ]
Hey.
Is he okay?
I can’t get him
to stop.
He’s fed. I changed him.
Where’s Gemma?
- On her way.
- Okay.
[ Sighs ]
Hey, hey, hey.
Come on.
[ Crying Continues ]
Come on. Huh?
[ Crying Stops ]
Come on.
What’s all that fuss about?
Huh?
Here you go.
Come on.
Hey.
You’re all right,
little dude. Yeah.
You’re all right.
Can’t find the chapter
on ex-junkie moms.
[ Chuckles ]
Don’t think our pages have been
written yet, sweetheart.
What happened last night
with us–
It was a hard night,
Wendy.
That all it was?
God, I want this, Jax.
He’s your son.
You have him.
No, not just him.
[ Sighs ]
We’ve done our dance, Wendy.
Yeah, but never
like this.
Not with him.
Could be different.
We’ve been through
way too much shit.
I just want another chance.
I mean, this little guy
at least deserves
that try, you know.
Put together some time.
All right?
See where it goes.
Okay.
I will.
I’m gonna make
this work, Jax.
Okay?
All clear.
How is he?
I don’t know.
How do you think he is?
There’s no viewing.
Funeral’s tomorrow.
Well, let’s get people
down for this.
I want a good show of support.
Happy’s already in town.
I’ll start making some calls.
I gotta take
responsibility for this.
I was the one
that pushed for that deal
with the Mayans.
I knew there was
gonna be some kind of...
Niner blowback, but–
[ Exhales ]
I never thought it would
reach this far, go this way.
We all voted yes
on that Mayan deal.
Nobody seen this comin’.
That’s right.
Yeah, but it happened.
So how do we handle it?
The Niners are
gonna be dealt with.
But right now, let’s
just walk through this,
be there for Ope.
[ Piney ]
We help Ope
by settling the score.
We track down Laroy
and put a bullet
in that nigger’s head.
Now, what are you
lookin’ at him for?
I’m the one talkin’ to you.
[ Clay ]
I know, brother.
I know you’re hurtin’.
You think you’re tryin’
to help, but–
Don’t you tell me
what I’m thinkin’!
You know, if this
happened to your family,
there’d be six charters
halfway to Oakland.
- This did happen to my family.
- No, it didn’t!
The Niners came gunnin’
for my son. They killed
my daughter-in-law.
You got that? Huh?
You got that kind
of hole in your family?
[ Door Slams Shut ]
I got it.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Where are you goin’?
[ Sighs ]
Look, man.
Nobody wants to even
this out more than me.
Let’s just bury Donna,
catch our breath, and then
we’ll do what needs to be done.
Yeah. Let’s, uh–
Let’s do that, huh?
[ Starts Engine ]
- Hey, prospect.
- Huh?
Keep an eye
on the old man.
Where is he going?
I don’t know.
That’s why you’re following him.
Right.
Excuse me.
Can I have a minute?
Yeah, sure.
I heard about
what happened to Donna.
God.
I’m so sorry.
Thanks.
Anybody know
what happened?
No.
Look, I know you’re busy.
I just wanted to make sure
you were all right.
Mmm, I appreciate that.
I’m sorry about
last night. I–
It’s okay.
No, it’s not okay.
[ Chuckles ]
Nothing is okay.
Like, the last few weeks,
I–
I tried to follow your lead.
You know,
find some kind of...
compartment to put
all this stuff in.
But I just– I–
I can’t.
I don’t... sleep.
I’m more scared now
than I ever was.
I’m scared of getting caught.
I’m scared of
not getting caught.
We got away with murder.
What does that make me?
A survivor.
I think you’re a good man...
with a big heart.
I believe you try to do
as much good as you can,
but...
you live a life I don’t think
I’ll ever really understand.
I called
Chicago Presbyterian today,
and they said
they’d take me back.
And I think
it’s the best choice.
[ Chuckles ]
Don’t you get tired of it?
Running?
I’m not running.
I’m-I’m just being
realistic, Jax.
Call it whatever you want.
Your life is a series
of hit-and-runs.
The minute
someone makes you
feel uncomfortable,
tests your loyalty,
little Tara packs her bags
and hits the road.
Well, I guess you got
what you wanted from me,
right?
Used me to do
your dirty work.
That’s not fair!
Not fair?
You wanna know how many
women I’ve slept with
over the last 10 years?
Don’t do this–
Hundreds!
Maybe more,
I don’t know.
I barely see
their faces.
I married Wendy
because I was lonely.
Because I got tired
of the endless disconnect.
It was just a sad
time-out.
Because when
I’m inside someone,
there’s only one face I see.
When you came home,
it was like some kind
of sign to me.
Like my past coming around
giving me another shot
to do this different.
Better.
And now that chance
is running back
to Chicago.
You take care, Doc.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪ [ Rock On Stereo ]
Hey, you think
I could borrow your car?
Need more wipes.
Yeah.
My wallet’s over there.
Just take what you need.
That Jax’s stuff?
Well, I figure
I’d better unpack for him,
or this shit’ll be
sittin’ in the garage...
for the next three months.
Wow.
[ Scoffs ]
You’re, like,
Dr. Jekyll
and Donna Reed.
You and Jax–
How’s that comin’?
He has his doubts
about me comin’ back.
We all do.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, I’m gonna convince him.
Gonna be the girl
he fell in love with.
Good for you.
Thanks.
All right, I’ll be back.
Oh!
[ Chuckles ]
Boy, some shit
never changes.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ Ooh, and I felt ♪
♪ And I felt ♪
♪ I felt ♪
♪ I felt ♪♪
What’s goin’ on?
I wanted to give you
this news in person.
Well, that don’t sound good.
It’s not.
The U.S. Attorney
is releasing the details
on the witness at 5:00.
5:01, A.T.F.
is presenting their case...
against Opie Winston
for Hefner’s murder.
Bring him in for a lineup.
From what the prosecution’s
shared, he’s probably
not goin’ back home.
Jesus Christ.
So what do we know, Rosen?
There’s an eyewitness.
Probably a resident.
They offered wit pro,
which means
he’s in lockdown.
Opie buries his wife tomorrow.
I’ll drag my feet.
See that they don’t
bring him in too early.
Sorry.
Have my office call you
about my retainer?
[ Scoffs ]
Sure. Thanks.
[ Machinery Whirring ]
G, Dog, go.
All right.
Their whole case
against Bobby and Opie
is that witness.
- Without him,
they got nothin’.
- So we gotta get to him.
Kill him?
He’s a rat.
Rats deserve to die.
End of story.
"Wit pro"
means safe house.
Twenty-four hour protection.
That’s a dead end.
That can’t be.
Opie goes back to prison,
what happens to his kids?
What, the state’s
gonna give ’em
to Piney or Mary?
They’re gonna end up
in the system.
Let’s not forget Bobby.
He got I.D.’d...
’cause he had to clean up
after Ope’s mistake.
We gotta do this
before the funeral.
Ope’s family can’t take
another hit.
Agreed.
Right.
Yeah.
Maybe Trammel can help.
If the safe house is in
San Joaquin, he’s probably
got sheriffs on him.
Call Happy.
-I’m sure one of his smiley face
tats is for a dead witness.
-I’m on it.
- Yeah.
- Jax. Hey, man, I got,
like, a serious problem.
- I followed Piney into Oakland.
- What the hell is
he doin’ in Oakland?
It looks like he’s goin’
into a bar, but there
are Niner tags everywhere.
Jesus Christ.
Piney went lookin’ for Laroy.
Oh, goddamn it!
Crazy old kook.
- Where are you?
- 38th and Allendale.
All right, watch his back.
We’re on our way.
Let’s go get him.
[ Clay ]
Get him out of there!
We’ll deal
with the Niners later.
Let’s go find Trammel.
All right.
- Glad you could join me.
- Hey.
I was just, you know,
comin’ down to... see
what you were doing and stuff.
[ Chuckles ]
You need to, uh,
brush up
on your stealth skills.
You did everything
but wave at me
when you were following.
I did wave at you,
actually.
I was gettin’ a little lost
comin’ off the 580 there,
[ Chuckles ]
hopin’ you’d slow down.
Listen, if you’re comin’,
let’s go get
this party started, huh?
Okay.
I was thinkin’ we could
not do that and just
hang out here for a bit.
Now, I don’t need those guys.
I know what I gotta do.
[ Sighs ]
Shit.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop On Jukebox ]
If you’re lookin’ for
the assisted livin’ home,
it’s two blocks south.
Oh, no, sweetheart.
I got all
the assistance I need.
Sister.
Cracker.
Hmm.
What kind of shit is this?
What business
you got here?
I’m just lookin’ for a friend.
You ain’t got
no friends here.
Hey, hey! Okay.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay.
Where’s Laroy?
Want to get
yourself killed, old man?
Well, I’m ready
for that.
Are you?
[ Trammel ] Yeah, the feds
put us on some safe houses.
All depends on the case.
What’s this about?
We need to locate someone,
see how committed they are
to what they saw.
Jesus Christ, Clay.
You want me to hand over
a federal witness?
[ Tig ] No, no.
We just wanna
talk to him, Trammel.
How goddamn stupid
do I look?
Man, I don’t care
how thick the envelope is.
That– No.
You don’t understand.
I ain’t offerin’ you money.
When this witness
fingers Opie and Bobby,
A.T.F. comes after us
with RICO.
Aw, shit.
[ Tig ]
Yeah, man.
That means all of us,
and everybody attached to us,
goes down.
You do savvy that,
my not stupid friend?
Jesus Christ.
We’ll have the name
of that witness
this afternoon.
They’re not gonna
use a name.
I’m gonna need
a case number.
[ Tig ]
Case number?
Where the hell are we
supposed to find that intel?
Top of Charming’s
food chain.
We got a problem.
Well, then safety’s off.
Let’s go.
Mm-hmm.
[ Jax ]
Shit.
Crazy old man.
[ Piney ]
This doesn’t involve you, Jax.
One of these...
assholes...
killed Donna,
and I’m gonna
make that right.
What the hell
is he talkin’ about?
I get him
to put down the revolver,
you promise we
walk out of here alive?
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no.
Put down the gun, Piney.
I ain’t leavin’...
till the nigger
that killed Donna is dead!
All right?
[ Sighs ]
[ Groans ]
- Shithead!
- Easy.
Noise we made
at the Mayan gun sale
is about how pissed off we are.
But if we wanted your
cracker asses dead–
Someone last night
in a gangster S.U.V.
gunned down my daughter.
Now, that smells just like
nigger revenge to me.
Nigger, nigger, nigger,
nigger, nigger.
Old fat bastard here
says nigger one more time,
and that
"walking out alive" deal
we talked about–
off the goddamn table.
[ Jax ]
Someone went after
one of my guys.
Killed his wife by mistake.
Wasn’t us.
So this old fat bastard...
is supposed to take
your word for it...
because you’re an honorable
and a black man?
Shut up!
[ Chuckles ]
Your trouble with us–
You work that
out of your system.
Or does this beef keep growin’?
But you keep
talking about beefs–
Piney!
Let me handle this,
or I will kill you myself!
[ Laroy ]
Our business issues...
still need to be
worked out.
But if my need to hurt
Sam Crow took me to Charming,
had me killin’ women,
do you think we’d be
sittin’ here talkin’?
I’m tellin’ you
the truth.
Niners didn’t kill
your daughter.
I suggest you boys
find your way back home
quickly.
Clay. How’d you
get in here?
I told the girl at the gate
we were here to fix your cars.
Guess we look like
the help.
[ Laughing ]
What’s this about?
This is a
great-lookin’ horse, man.
[ Clay ]
I assume you got that, uh,
special delivery package
I sent ya.
Yeah. I got it.
You made your point.
I reneged on our deal.
That knife–
It’s still got your prints
all over it.
The nutless clown,
raped your daughter–
Well, he’s buried
in Macon Woods.
Dead body,
murder weapon, motive.
It’s the three things
a guy needs...
for a homicide
conviction.
Jesus Christ.
You’re insane.
Well, I assure you,
Elliott,
I’m saner than
I’ve ever been.
I need your help, Elliott,
and, uh,
if you refuse,
I’m gonna turn
all three of those items
over to Unser.
And the only thing
you’ll be ridin’...
is a big black dude
named Jo Jo.
So what do you want?
I assume you got friends
in the U.S. Attorney’s office.
Maybe, uh,
a couple of judges
you’ve played golf with.
Hey.
Where are we at
with Donna’s murder?
Uh, nowhere.
No leads?
Suspicions?
No. Sorry.
Come with me.
Gives us some privacy.
For what?
I know how close
you and Opie are.
I remember you and him
in high school.
You were inseparable.
This is feelin’
a little gay.
I knew Stahl was
setting Opie up as a rat.
She wired his truck.
I think Clay
found that wire,
thought Opie was
working with the feds,
and then tried
to have him killed.
Donna was a mistake.
Why are you
tellin’ me this shit?
You think I’ll give up Clay?
We ended up
on opposing teams,
you and me.
Don’t like each other
all that much.
But seeing an innocent woman
gunned down,
two little kids...
with no mom–
Man, I think that falls on
the wrong side of the fence
for both of us.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Thank you.
[ Sighs ]
You got something
you wanna say?
Donna Winston was
murdered last night.
What are you
talkin’ about?
She was gunned down.
Brutal.
Who the hell would wanna
kill Opie’s wife?
Oh, well, you see,
it was a, um–
it was a mistake.
The killer thought that
he was killing Opie.
Who went after Opie?
I made
Clay believe that...
Opie was the witness
who fingered you.
But it was a lie.
I set him up.
Why are you
tellin’ me this?
We’ll be charging Opie
with Hefner’s murder.
Pick him up after
the funeral tomorrow.
U.S. Attorney will seek
the death penalty...
for both of you.
I guess I’m feeling guilty
about creating orphans.
Thanks for listening.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Beautiful animal, huh?
Yeah.
Can I tell you something?
Well, if it involves
you and a horse,
I’d rather not hear it.
Yesterday–
Yesterday,
at the warehouse,
Opie, he, uh,
he saved me
from gettin’ my head
blown off.
And then I, uh,
had a clear shot
at him.
And I couldn’t take it.
You know,
shootin’ through
the back of that window
in the truck–
I was afraid.
I was afraid
if I saw his face,
I couldn’t
pull the trigger.
I didn’t know, Clay,
that it was Donna...
till it was done.
I depend on you
so much for that shit,
sometimes I forget
the weight of it.
This thing with Ope,
all that means is...
you got love
for your brothers.
Donna, it’s–
it’s awful shit.
Awful.
[ Pats Arm ]
We’re gonna get past this.
Yeah.
All right.
Case number.
What are you gonna do
with that information?
What’d you tell
your judge buddy?
That a councilman
wanted the information...
because he didn’t want
safe houses in his district.
Good.
Very good.
What about that knife?
It’s still our secret.
Don’t worry.
We’ll keep it safe for you.
I called Happy
on the prepay.
He had an alarming
amount of knowledge about
safe houses and witnesses.
Of course he did.
He said there’s usually
a sheriff or two outside,
A.T.F. agent inside.
Mostly rookies who
get stuck babysitting.
He thinks it’ll take
three guys.
All right.
Me, Chibs, Happy.
You okay to do this?
Oh, yeah.
I need to.
All right.
Give Trammel the case number.
Tell him to call us
with the location.
Now, I want a flawless plan.
All right?
Take out the witness.
Nobody else gets hurt.
Okay. No mistakes.
Where is he?
Well, he’s not back yet.
Why?
What’s the matter, Jackson?
I got some information
on Donna.
What information?
Tell Clay
I’m in the chapel.
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Door Closes ]
♪ Caracas bleeds before you
with the rising sun ♪
♪ A stranger would forgive you
everything you’ve done ♪
♪ In the street
you threw a coin
into a beggar’s cup ♪
♪ You looked down
and he looked up ♪
♪ Oh, ashes to ashes ♪
♪ Oh, dust to dust ♪
♪ Ashes to ashes
and dust to dust ♪
Yes, dust to dust ♪
♪ Ashes to ashes
Whoa, dust to dust ♪♪
He knows.
What?
Jackson knows
something about Donna.
[ Scoffs ]
He doesn’t know shit.
Listen to me.
He knows everything.
This was in
one of his boxes.
It’s what he found in storage
when Abel was born.
He wrote it all down–
all his pathetic
hopes and dreams.
This is a book
of failures and fixes.
John is speaking to him
from the goddamn grave.
You’re being hysterical.
I told you to nail Jax down,
bring him closer!
This is a bunch of words.
It’s a bunch of shit!
It means everything
to my Jax!
I know my son.
He is restless,
just like his old man.
Always lookin’
for something more,
the reasons why.
This shit is gonna send him
on a destiny run.
Readin’ those secrets,
finding out about
the Donna mistake.
What happened to John–
I cannot do that again,
not with him.
Now, you listen to me.
What he read there were
the ramblings of a bitter,
grieving coward.
I mean, look at it.
It’s halfway burned.
It probably
pissed him off!
So don’t tell me
he’s poisoned!
And this shit with Donna–
There’s nothing to know.
So you better calm down.
This is about
your fear, your history.
You stop bleedin’
all over him!
[ Opens Door ]
And finish burnin’ that.
[ Door Closes ]
You are losing control...
just like he did.
[ Door Opens ]
You lookin’ for me?
Two days ago,
you sat there.
You made me
a promise.
Told me Opie
was safe.
Now, I’m askin’ you,
brother to brother,
father to son,
just tell me the truth,
and I’ll accept it,
whatever it is.
Just be honest with me.
Did you try to kill Opie?
Kill Donna by mistake?
[ Sighs ]
I don’t know who’s been
fillin’ your head
with this shit, son.
I’m gonna tell you again.
I love Opie, loved Donna.
I’d never do nothin’
to hurt ’em.
This is a rough time
for Sam Crow.
But we’d better put
this shit behind us.
Suspicion, resentment.
That kind of shit
eats up morale,
fractures a charter.
Yeah.
It’s true.
[ Door Closes ]
You know where Tig is?
Yeah.
He’s on his way
to the safe house.
What’s the matter?
The info on that witness
just came out.
She’s a 17-year-old girl,
Jax.
Holy shit.
Where are they?
What are you doin’?
Jax?
Where the hell
are you goin’?
Jax!
Shit!
[ Grunting ]
[ Tig ]
Let’s do this. Go.
Go, go, go.
[ Door Opening ]
Wesley?
- Sheriff Lane, do you copy?
- Go!
Oh, shit! Freeze!
Drop it, bitch!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Give me that gun.
Give me the gun.
[ Grunting ]
Take her.
[ Girl Gasping ]
[ Chibs ]
Jesus Christ!
You’ve gotta be shittin’ me.
That our witness?
It’s kind of late
for a house call.
I was on my way home from work.
Just thought I’d stop by
and check in.
I guess I miss him,
you know?
Yeah, I do.
How is he?
[ Whimpering ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
I could do this, bro.
No. It’s me.
[ Sobbing Hysterically ]
I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry,
kid.
Jesus! You scared
the shit out of me, man.
Put down the gun.
What?
We don’t kill women.
What are you
doing here, brother?
- [ Cocks Weapon ]
- What the hell is this?
Put it down,
or I will put a bullet
in your temple.
You think you got
the balls to do that?
[ Sobbing Continues ]
All right.
You two,
get out of here.
This wasn’t the plan.
You think this through.
Go home, now.
Let’s go.
Do you see this guy?
He’s a bad guy,
and he wants you dead.
You know why?
’Cause you’re gonna rat
on two of his friends!
So you can’t do that,
’cause he will find you
no matter where you are.
And next time,
I won’t be there
to save your life.
You understand?
Yeah.
The feds, the cops–
Nobody can protect you.
That’s obvious.
If you testify, you will die.
I won’t. I promise.
I won’t.
Hey!
You get a train,
you get a bus,
you steal a goddamn car.
I don’t give a shit.
You get out of California
tonight or you’re dead!
You just crossed
the line, brother.
[ Chuckles ]
You know?
Not yet.
Yeah? Come on!
Bring it!
Come on.
[ Panting ]
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
"To my oldest, dearest
and wisest friend.
"What we started, you and I,
was a good thing
for a good reason.
"What we’ve become
is a different thing...
"for reasons
I no longer understand.
"I feel angry winds
at my back,
"and I’m not sure
how much time I have left...
"in this cut
I love so much.
"This book is for all
the things we wanted...
"and for all the things
we still can be.
I love you, brother.
J.T."
Oh, my God.
[ Groans ]
[ Coughing ]
[ Retching ]
[ Shudders ]
[ Grunts ]
Okay. Go catch up
with your grandma.
Thanks.
You’re welcome.
Oh. Here.
No, keep it.
Thanks.
There’s cool water
down there.
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
♪ No, God walked out
in the cool of the day ♪
♪ Called Adam by his name ♪
♪ He refused to answer ♪
♪ ’Cause he was naked
and ashamed ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
♪ Now, Christ had 12 apostles ♪
♪ Three he led away ♪
♪ He said
Watch over me for an hour ♪
♪ While I go yonder and pray ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
[ Priest Speaking, Indistinct ]
♪ Well, Christ rose on
Easter morning ♪
♪ Mary and Martha
came down to see ♪
♪ He said
Go tell my disciples ♪
- ♪ Meet me in Galilee ♪
- Not to deliver it
into the hands of–
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
Yeah.
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
[ Indistinct ]
♪ Well, well ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ God walked down
in the cool of the day ♪
♪ Called Adam by his name ♪
♪ He refused to answer ♪
♪ ’Cause he was naked
and ashamed ♪
Time for a change.
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ Wrote the book
of the seven seals ♪
Yeah.
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Tell me, who’s that writin’ ♪
♪ John the Revelator ♪♪